Declaration

Disclaimer

We thank you for your interest in the ShibaBack project(hereinafter referred to as "Project"), ShibaBack token sale, and ShibaBack tokens (hereinafter referred to as "Tokens"). However, it is well-known that crypto projects are exposed to various risks, which you shall take into account before participating in the Token sale. What is mentioned below does not exhaust all the risks and uncertainties that Project might possibly face. Additional risks and uncertainties might also have a negative effect on Tokens.

1. Risk that pertains to the value of Tokens
1.1 The rights, functions, and features are strictly limited to the point that Token's smart contract has demonstrated. Therefore, there are no further rights, functions, and features of the Tokens of the Project strictly provided in the smart contract. 
1.2 The market for Tokens might be limited, and Project might not fully realize the potential of Tokens. The lack of market access might lead to a downturn in the Tokens price, and Tokens might not fully recover the downturn in a given time frame.
1.3 The price of Tokens might be speculated and therein in a turbulent state. Tokens are often subject to speculative forces, and the price of such might be unstable for a period of time. 
1.4 Tokens might possess no value at a certain point. For example, the massive sale of Tokens might lead to a price downturn that eventually leads the price to a level that the market deems Tokens worthless.
1.5 Tokens are non-refundable. Tokens have possessed the nature of their own, and once sold, Tokens are in the hands beyond the control of Project. 
1.6 Certain entities might restrict the use of Tokens in certain circumstances. For example, territorial jurisdictions might impose rules over the use of Tokens, and the imposition of these restrictions might be related to the value of Tokens in a given time frame. 
1.7 Tokens might be under tax exposure. The advent of the taxation scheme might impact the transaction of Tokens, the result of which might also be related to price.


2. Network and software risk
2.1 Blockchain might suffer from delay. The blockchain that Project operates upon might suffer from the delay attributed to various reasons that are external to the blockchain. The delay might impact transactions, leaving an effect on the price of Tokens. 
2.2 Congestion might occur on the blockchain. The flow of information might be impacted by congestion that creates an additional burden to the blockchain. The occurrence of congestion is usually accidental, the pattern of which is hard to predict. 
2.3 Software deficiency. The software that is related to the usage of Tokens might be subject to deficiency, the development of which might impact the price of Tokens.


3. Security risk
3.1 The loss of private keys might create security risks for Tokens, leading to a substantial loss or a burden in using. 
3.2 There might occur attacks on smart contracts, part of which might further implicate the security of smart contracts. 


4. Policy risk
4.1 The regulatory framework pertaining to Tokens is still uncertain. The prospect of related regulation that might impact Tokens is hard to anticipate. The current compliance work might be subject to further review once a new framework is brought about.  
4.2 Project can not guarantee the scale of flow that pertains to Tokens, making it difficult to obtain permits and licenses that fit accordingly. As a result, there is a chance that the Tokens might be found in a place where the permit and license of Tokens are yet to be obtained. 
4.3 Tokens might be subject to intervals such as banning and a massive crackdown. It is possible that wallet holders might be in a jurisdiction where a crackdown that is designed for Tokens is at play. 

 5. Unanticipated risk 
5.1 There might be another risk that the Project can not fully anticipate, however, it does not suggest that such a risk is beyond the scope of concern and unworthy of attention.
